Interview with Virtual Human - Personal Conversation

Q: How are you doing?
A: I'm doing good. I'm in Arizona because of acting and other stuff like that. I entered the entertainment industry.

Q: Are you currently working in entertainment?
A: No, not at the moment. At least currently, I'm a student. I produce hip-hop. I rap and produce hip-hop. I play video games and hang out with people.

Q: Are you good at anything specific?
A: Not very good at breaking things. On the way over here, my mom showed me how to get here. The beach I know. The last place I went was Los Cabos. When I go somewhere, it's Mexico.

Q: Have you traveled recently?
A: No. Yes, I like... 4 years ago. Right now, not lately, not very easy. Not just lately, but my wife left like three weeks ago, and after that I haven't been able to sleep. I just bury my head in stuff. I don't know how to do stuff. I try to keep my mind off of it like doing yoga and other things to keep my mind off of everything.

Q: Have you gone to therapy?
A: I don't have to. I never went to therapy. When I did go to therapy, like 3-4 years ago, I went to a separate therapist, but then I went to... I think where they did a bunch of cognitive tests and memory tests, and then she diagnosed me with a type of depression that lasts for a long time. Like I get depressed and it lasts for months on end.

Q: What do you think about therapy?
A: Yeah, to be honest, I don't know. I think it's more about like you focusing on yourself and like... I don't know, I don't know how to explain that. It's like you have to figure out things within yourself. You don't need someone else to talk to. Well, when I went to the therapist, I was court-ordered. And I want to go to therapy for my anger management though. I don't know.

Q: How are you handling your wife leaving?
A: I mean, my wife left like 3 weeks ago, so yes, it's probably the hardest thing I've ever done. So yeah, well considering I'm only 19. If I could go back 19 years, I would say not to fuck up and let myself get depressed about certain things that would have drove away my wife and not to be angry. Yeah, driving away my wife. Gaming has many things... every day, every day I could have not broken stuff and I could have stopped the Legos. Basically blocking out the external universe, I was putting everything into myself and like focusing on other things so that I don't focus on the real life. I was basically escaping. And tonight since I wasn't paying attention to her, and that's basically why she left. That means that me being angry is like both contributed their own portion.

Q: How are your emotions lately?
A: Earlier today, I mean, I feel really happy all the time and then it just goes away. It's like back and forth. Like one day on one side, I'll be really happy and then another second I'll be really sad because I'll think about something and I got to keep my mind off of things and like move forward and like... I really don't know how to explain it. It's just something you feel.

Q: What are your positive qualities?
A: I know any better? Programming is silly. I'm creative. Potential of intelligence, charming and loving. At some point, all those things at some point. Doing yoga, playing video games, and having my wife around. My hip-hop... I mean, kid traveling. You need better programming. Kid traveling is my friend. To be a hip-hop artist.

Q: When did you start?
A: I don't know what to start. On Monday, not hard anymore. Let me know. So I was practicing when I was younger, and I was like 11 and 12. No, it's easy. I'm still in school. No problem. Yeah, have a nice day. Bye bye.

